# This is a listing of build order dependencies for some of the KDE project
# modules. See the README in this same directory for the syntax. Not all
# inter-project dependencies are listed so don't treat this as the
# authoritative source, instead consult projects' CMakeLists.txt files.
#
# Of course feel free to document your own project dependencies here, but
# please limit to intra-projects dependencies (there's not yet any way to mark
# a dependency on something hosted on e.g. gitorious).
#
# Right now there's no way to mark that a given module is actually required or
# optional, that might change in the future.
#
# Don't bother listing kdelibs or Qt as dependencies unless a certain branch
# is needed.

*: Qt5[stable]
*: kdesupport/extra-cmake-modules

# Frameworks, tier2
frameworks/kauth: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kcompletion: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kcompletion: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/kcrash: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kcrash: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/kdoctools: frameworks/karchive
frameworks/kjobwidgets: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kjobwidgets: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/kpty: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kpty: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kunitconversion: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kunitconversion: frameworks/kconfig

# Frameworks, tier3
frameworks/kbookmarks: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/kbookmarks: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kbookmarks: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/kbookmarks: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/kbookmarks: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/kcmutils: frameworks/kitemviews
frameworks/kcmutils: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/kcmutils: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kcmutils: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kcmutils: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/kcmutils: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/kcmutils: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/kconfigwidgets: frameworks/kauth
frameworks/kconfigwidgets: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kconfigwidgets: frameworks/kcodecs
frameworks/kconfigwidgets: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kconfigwidgets: frameworks/kdoctools
frameworks/kconfigwidgets: frameworks/kguiaddons
frameworks/kconfigwidgets: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kconfigwidgets: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/kdesignerplugin: frameworks/kplotting
frameworks/kdesignerplugin: frameworks/kdoctools
frameworks/kdesignerplugin: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kdesignerplugin: frameworks/kdewebkit
frameworks/kemoticons: frameworks/karchive
frameworks/kemoticons: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/attica
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/kitemviews
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/karchive
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/ktextwidgets
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/solid
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/kbookmarks
frameworks/knewstuff: frameworks/kio
frameworks/knotifications: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/knotifications: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/knotifications: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/knotifications: kdesupport/phonon/phonon
frameworks/kservice: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kservice: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kservice: frameworks/kcrash
frameworks/kservice: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/kservice: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kservice: frameworks/kdoctools
frameworks/ktextwidgets: frameworks/kcompletion
frameworks/ktextwidgets: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/ktextwidgets: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/ktextwidgets: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/ktextwidgets: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/ktextwidgets: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/ktextwidgets: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/ktextwidgets: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/ktextwidgets: frameworks/sonnet
frameworks/kparts: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kparts: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/kparts: frameworks/ktextwidgets
frameworks/kparts: frameworks/knotifications
frameworks/kiconthemes: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kiconthemes: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/kiconthemes: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/kiconthemes: frameworks/kitemviews
frameworks/kglobalaccel: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kglobalaccel: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kglobalaccel: frameworks/kcrash
frameworks/kglobalaccel: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/kglobalaccel: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/attica
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/kitemviews
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/kglobalaccel
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/ktextwidgets
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/kxmlgui: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/kdeclarative: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kdeclarative: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kdeclarative: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/kdeclarative: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kinit: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/kinit: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kinit: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kinit: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/kinit: frameworks/kcrash
frameworks/kinit: frameworks/kdoctools
frameworks/kjsembed: frameworks/kjs
frameworks/kjsembed: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kjsembed: frameworks/kdoctools
frameworks/knotifyconfig: frameworks/kio
frameworks/knotifyconfig: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/knotifyconfig: frameworks/knotifications #test dependency
frameworks/kded: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kded: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kded: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/kded: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/kded: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/kded: frameworks/kcrash
frameworks/kded: frameworks/kinit
frameworks/kded: frameworks/kdoctools
frameworks/kross: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kross: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/kross: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kross: frameworks/kparts
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/kio: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kguiaddons
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kitemviews
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/kio: frameworks/karchive
frameworks/kio: frameworks/solid
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kjobwidgets
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kcrash
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kcompletion
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kdoctools
frameworks/kio: frameworks/ktextwidgets
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kbookmarks
frameworks/kio: frameworks/knotifications
frameworks/kio: frameworks/kwallet
frameworks/kmediaplayer: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kmediaplayer: frameworks/kparts
frameworks/kmediaplayer: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/kdewebkit: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kdewebkit: frameworks/kwallet
frameworks/kdewebkit: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kdewebkit: frameworks/knotifications
frameworks/kdewebkit: frameworks/kparts
frameworks/kdesu: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kdesu: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/kdesu: frameworks/kpty
frameworks/ktexteditor: frameworks/karchive
frameworks/ktexteditor: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/ktexteditor: frameworks/kguiaddons
frameworks/ktexteditor: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/ktexteditor: frameworks/kjobwidgets
frameworks/ktexteditor: frameworks/kio
frameworks/ktexteditor: frameworks/kparts
frameworks/ktexteditor: frameworks/sonnet
frameworks/ktexteditor: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/kwallet: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kwallet: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kwallet: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/kwallet: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/kwallet: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kwallet: frameworks/knotifications
frameworks/kwallet: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/kwallet: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/kwallet: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/kactivities: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kactivities: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kactivities: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/kactivities: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/kactivities: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kactivities: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/kactivities: frameworks/kcmutils
frameworks/kactivities: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kactivities: frameworks/kdeclarative
frameworks/kpackage: frameworks/karchive
frameworks/kpackage: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kpackage: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kpackage: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kactivities
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/karchive
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kauth
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kbookmarks
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kcodecs
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kcompletion
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kcrash
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kdnssd
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kdeclarative
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kglobalaccel
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kguiaddons
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kidletime
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kitemmodels
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kitemviews
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kjs
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kjobwidgets
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kio
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kross
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/knotifications
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kparts
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kpackage
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/solid
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/sonnet
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/ktextwidgets
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/threadweaver
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kunitconversion
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kwallet
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/plasma-framework: frameworks/ktexteditor

# Frameworks, tier4
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/kguiaddons
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/kitemviews
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/knotifications
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/frameworkintegration: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kguiaddons
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kitemviews
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kunitconversion
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kcompletion
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/ktextwidgets
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kbookmarks
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kinit
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kdoctools
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kcrash
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/knotifications
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kparts
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kdesignerplugin
frameworks/kdelibs4support: frameworks/kglobalaccel
frameworks/krunner: frameworks/solid
frameworks/krunner: frameworks/kio
frameworks/krunner: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/krunner: frameworks/kcompletion
frameworks/krunner: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/krunner: frameworks/threadweaver
frameworks/krunner: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/krunner: frameworks/plasma-framework
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/karchive
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kguiaddons
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kcrash
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kinit
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kjs
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kitemviews
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/knotifications
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kcompletion
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/ktextwidgets
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kparts
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kio
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kwallet
frameworks/khtml: frameworks/kglobalaccel
frameworks/khtml: kdesupport/phonon/phonon

# Lie about kf5umbrella: it doesn't depend on anything, but we use it as way to depend on all frameworks
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/attica
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kactivities
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/karchive
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kauth
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kbookmarks
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kcmutils
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kcodecs
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kcompletion
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kconfig
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kcoreaddons
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kcrash
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kdbusaddons
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kdelibs4support
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kdeclarative
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kded
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kdesignerplugin
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kdnssd
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kemoticons
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kdoctools
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kglobalaccel
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kguiaddons
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/khtml
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/ki18n
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kiconthemes
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kidletime
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kinit
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kjsembed
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kio
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kitemmodels
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kjobwidgets
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kjs
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/knewstuff
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/knotifications
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/knotifyconfig
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/frameworkintegration
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kdesu
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kparts
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kross
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kservice
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/ktexteditor
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/ktextwidgets
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kwallet
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kwindowsystem
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kxmlgui
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/solid
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/sonnet
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/threadweaver
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/plasma-framework
frameworks/kf5umbrella: frameworks/kpackage

# The generic dependency on all frameworks
kde/*: frameworks/kf5umbrella
extragear/*: frameworks/kf5umbrella

# As yet unmigrated frameworks
kde/kdelibs/baloo: frameworks/krunner
kde/kdelibs/baloo: kde/kdelibs/kfilemetadata
kde/kdelibs/baloo: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/kdelibs/baloo-widgets: kde/kdelibs/baloo
kde/kdelibs/kfilemetadata: frameworks/ki18n
kde/kdelibs/kfilemetadata: frameworks/kservice
kde/kdelibs/kfilemetadata: frameworks/karchive

# libksysguard
kde/workspace/libksysguard: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/libksysguard: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/workspace/libksysguard: frameworks/kconfig
kde/workspace/libksysguard: frameworks/plasma-framework

# KHotkeys
kde/workspace/khotkeys: frameworks/kglobalaccel
kde/workspace/khotkeys: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/khotkeys: frameworks/kio
kde/workspace/khotkeys: frameworks/kxmlgui
kde/workspace/khotkeys: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/workspace/khotkeys: frameworks/kglobalaccel
kde/workspace/khotkeys: frameworks/kdbusaddons
kde/workspace/khotkeys: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/khotkeys: kde/workspace/plasma-workspace
kde/workspace/khotkeys: frameworks/plasma-framework

# KInfoCenter
kde/workspace/kinfocenter: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/kinfocenter: frameworks/kxmlgui
kde/workspace/kinfocenter: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/workspace/kinfocenter: frameworks/kwindowsystem
kde/workspace/kinfocenter: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/kinfocenter: frameworks/solid
kde/workspace/kinfocenter: frameworks/plasma-framework
kde/workspace/kinfocenter: kde/workspace/kwayland

# KMenuEdit
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/kxmlgui
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/kwindowsystem
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/solid
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/kdbusaddons
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/kiconthemes
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/kio
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/sonnet
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/kinit
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/workspace/kmenuedit: kde/workspace/plasma-workspace

# KSysGuard
kde/workspace/ksysguard: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/workspace/ksysguard: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/ksysguard: frameworks/kitemviews
kde/workspace/ksysguard: frameworks/knewstuff
kde/workspace/ksysguard: frameworks/kconfig
kde/workspace/ksysguard: frameworks/kinit
kde/workspace/ksysguard: frameworks/kiconthemes
kde/workspace/ksysguard: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/workspace/ksysguard: kde/workspace/libksysguard
kde/workspace/ksysguard: frameworks/plasma-framework

# KWin
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kconfig
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kcrash
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kglobalaccel
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/knotifications
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kservice
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kwindowsystem
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kcompletion
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kio
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/knewstuff
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kxmlgui
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/kactivities
kde/workspace/kwin: frameworks/plasma-framework
kde/workspace/kwin: kde/workspace/kwayland
kde/workspace/kwin: kde/workspace/kdecoration

# Breeze
kde/workspace/breeze: kde/workspace/kdecoration

# KWrited
kde/workspace/kwrited: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/kwrited: frameworks/kconfig
kde/workspace/kwrited: frameworks/kguiaddons
kde/workspace/kwrited: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
kde/workspace/kwrited: frameworks/kservice
kde/workspace/kwrited: frameworks/kcompletion
kde/workspace/kwrited: frameworks/frameworkintegration
kde/workspace/kwrited: frameworks/kwindowsystem
kde/workspace/kwrited: frameworks/kdelibs4support

# Oxygen
kde/workspace/oxygen: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/oxygen: frameworks/kconfig
kde/workspace/oxygen: frameworks/kguiaddons
kde/workspace/oxygen: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
kde/workspace/oxygen: frameworks/kservice
kde/workspace/oxygen: frameworks/kcompletion
kde/workspace/oxygen: frameworks/frameworkintegration
kde/workspace/oxygen: frameworks/kwindowsystem
kde/workspace/oxygen: frameworks/kdelibs4support

# KHelpCenter
kde/workspace/khelpcenter: frameworks/kconfig
kde/workspace/khelpcenter: frameworks/kinit
kde/workspace/khelpcenter: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/khelpcenter: frameworks/khtml
kde/workspace/khelpcenter: frameworks/kdelibs4support

# KDE CLI Tools
kde/workspace/kde-cli-tools: frameworks/kconfig
kde/workspace/kde-cli-tools: frameworks/kinit
kde/workspace/kde-cli-tools: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/kde-cli-tools: frameworks/kdesu
kde/workspace/kde-cli-tools: frameworks/kdelibs4support

# Plasma Workspace
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/kdoctools
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/krunner
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/kjsembed
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/knotifyconfig
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/kdesu
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/knewstuff
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/kidletime
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/threadweaver
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/kdeclarative
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/kwallet
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/kdewebkit
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/plasma-framework
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: kde/workspace/libksysguard
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: kde/workspace/kwin
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: extragear/base/milou
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: kde/workspace/khelpcenter
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: kde/workspace/kde-cli-tools
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: kde/workspace/kio-extras
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: kde/workspace/breeze
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: extragear/libs/libkscreen
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: kde/kdelibs/baloo
kde/workspace/plasma-workspace: kde/workspace/kwayland

# System Settings
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kitemviews
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kio
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kservice
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kiconthemes
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kwindowsystem
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kxmlgui
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kdbusaddons
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kconfig
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/khtml
kde/workspace/systemsettings: frameworks/kdelibs4support

# Plasma Desktop
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/kdoctools
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/knewstuff
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/knotifyconfig
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/kdesu
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/krunner
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/kwallet
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/attica
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: frameworks/plasma-framework
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: kde/workspace/systemsettings
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: extragear/base/powerdevil
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: kde/workspace/ksysguard
kde/workspace/plasma-desktop: kde/workspace/oxygen

# Plasma NM
kde/workspace/plasma-nm: extragear/libs/libmm-qt
kde/workspace/plasma-nm: frameworks/networkmanager-qt
kde/workspace/plasma-nm: frameworks/plasma-framework

# KDE Runtime
kde/kde-runtime: frameworks/plasma-framework

# KDE/Applications
kde/applications/kate: frameworks/kactivities
kde/applications/kate: frameworks/ktexteditor
kde/applications/kate: frameworks/plasma-framework

kde/applications/kde-baseapps: frameworks/kactivities
kde/applications/kde-baseapps: kde/kdelibs/baloo
kde/applications/kde-baseapps: kde/kdelibs/baloo-widgets
kde/applications/kde-baseapps: kde/kdelibs/kfilemetadata
# Provides KTextEditor for konqueror
kde/applications/kde-baseapps: kde/applications/kate

kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/ki18n
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kconfig
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/attica
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kguiaddons
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kauth
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/karchive
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kdoctools
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kcodecs
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kitemviews
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kiconthemes
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kglobalaccel
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kwindowsystem
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kcrash
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kdbusaddons
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kservice
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/sonnet
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kcompletion
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/ktextwidgets
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kxmlgui
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kbookmarks
kde/applications/konsole: kdesupport/phonon/phonon
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/knotifications
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kwallet
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kjobwidgets
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/solid
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kio
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kparts
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kdewebkit
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kplotting
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kdesignerplugin
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kinit
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kunitconversion
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kdeclarative
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kactivities
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kjs
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/khtml
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/knotifyconfig
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kjsembed
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/knewstuff
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kidletime
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/threadweaver
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kitemmodels
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kross
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kdnssd
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/ktexteditor
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/plasma-framework
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/frameworkintegration
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kded
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kemoticons
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kpty
kde/applications/konsole: frameworks/kdesu

kde/kdeutils/ark: frameworks/kdelibs4support

# KDE PIM Dependencies
kde/kdepimlibs: kdesupport/akonadi
kde/kdepimlibs: kdesupport/prison
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kcontacts
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kxmlrpcclient
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kblog
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kcalcore
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kcalutils
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kholidays
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kimap
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kldap
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kidentitymanagement
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kmbox
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kmime
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kontactinterface
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/kpimtextedit
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/ktnef
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/syndication
kde/kdepimlibs: kde/pim/gpgmepp

kde/pim/kcalcore: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/syndication: frameworks/kio
kde/pim/syndication: frameworks/kcodecs
kde/pim/kimap: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/pim/kimap: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kimap: kde/pim/kmime
kde/pim/kldap: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/pim/kldap: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kldap: kde/pim/kcontacts
kde/pim/kpimtextedit: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/pim/kpimtextedit: frameworks/kemoticons
kde/pim/kpimtextedit: frameworks/sonnet
kde/pim/kpimtextedit: frameworks/ktextwidgets
kde/pim/kpimtextedit: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
kde/pim/kpimtextedit: frameworks/kio
kde/pim/kpimtextedit: frameworks/kcodecs
kde/pim/kpimtextedit: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kalarmcal: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kalarmcal: kdesupport/akonadi
kde/pim/kalarmcal: kde/pim/kcalcore
kde/pim/kalarmcal: kde/pim/kidentitymanagement
kde/pim/kalarmcal: kde/pim/kholidays
kde/pim/kalarmcal: kde/kdepimlibs #needed because of akonadiserver
kde/pim/kmailtransport: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kmailtransport: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/pim/kmailtransport: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
kde/pim/kmailtransport: frameworks/kwallet
kde/pim/kmailtransport: kde/pim/kmime
kde/pim/kmailtransport: kde/kdepimlibs #needed because of akonadiserver
kde/pim/kcontacts: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/pim/kcontacts: frameworks/ki18n
kde/pim/kcontacts: frameworks/kconfig
kde/pim/kcontacts: frameworks/kcodecs
kde/pim/kmime: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kmime: frameworks/ki18n
kde/pim/kmime: frameworks/kcodecs
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: frameworks/kcompletion
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: frameworks/ktextwidgets
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: frameworks/kxmlgui
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: frameworks/kio
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: frameworks/kconfig
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: frameworks/kemoticons
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: frameworks/kcodecs
kde/pim/kidentitymanagement: kde/pim/kpimtextedit
kde/pim/kblog: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/pim/kblog: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kblog: frameworks/kio
kde/pim/kblog: kde/pim/kcalcore
kde/pim/kblog: kde/pim/syndication
kde/pim/kblog: kde/pim/kxmlrpcclient
kde/pim/kholidays: frameworks/kitemviews
kde/pim/kholidays: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kmbox: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/pim/kmbox: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kmbox: kde/pim/kmime
kde/pim/kxmlrpcclient: frameworks/kio
kde/pim/kontactinterface: frameworks/kparts
kde/pim/kontactinterface: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/ktnef: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/ktnef: kde/pim/kcalcore
kde/pim/ktnef: kde/pim/kcalutils
kde/pim/ktnef: kde/pim/kcontacts
kde/pim/kcalutils: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/pim/kcalutils: kde/pim/kcalcore
kde/pim/kcalutils: frameworks/kconfig
kde/pim/kcalutils: frameworks/ki18n
kde/pim/kcalutils: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/pim/kcalutils: frameworks/kcodecs
kde/pim/kcalutils: kde/pim/kidentitymanagement

extragear/libs/libkgapi: frameworks/kcoreaddons
extragear/libs/libkgapi: kde/pim/kcontacts
extragear/libs/libkgapi: kde/pim/kcalcore

# KDE PIM
kde/kdepim: kde/kdepimlibs
kde/kdepim: kde/kdepim/akonadi-search
kde/kdepim: kde/kdepim/akonadi-calendar
kde/kdepim: playground/pim/akonadi-search
kde/kdepim: extragear/libs/libkgapi
kde/kdepim: frameworks/kactivities
kde/kdepim: kde/pim/kalarmcal
kde/kdepim: kde/pim/kmailtransport
kde/kdepim-runtime: kde/kdepim
kde/kdepim-runtime: kdesupport/akonadi

# KDE Graphics
kde/kdegraphics/gwenview: frameworks/kdelibs4support

kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kactivities
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/karchive
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kbookmarks
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kconfig
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kdbusaddons
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kjs
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kdelibs4support
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kio
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kparts
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/threadweaver
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/kwallet
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/khtml
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/libkscreen
kde/kdegraphics/okular: frameworks/phonon

kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kconfig
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kdoctools
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kguiaddons
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/ki18n
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kio
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kservice
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kwindowsystem
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kxmlgui
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kdbusaddons
kde/kdegraphics/ksnapshot: frameworks/kparts

# KDE Edu
kde/kdeedu/kalgebra: kde/kdeedu/analitza
kde/kdeedu/kanagram: kde/kdeedu/libkeduvocdocument
kde/kdeedu/kanagram: kde/kdeedu/kdeedu-data
kde/kdeedu/parley: kde/kdeedu/libkeduvocdocument
kde/kdeedu/khangman: kde/kdeedu/libkeduvocdocument
kde/kdeedu/khangman: kde/kdeedu/kdeedu-data
kde/kdeedu/kwordquiz: kde/kdeedu/libkeduvocdocument

# KDE Plasma Addons
kde/kdeplasma-addons: frameworks/krunner

# Extragear Base
kde/workspace/bluedevil: kde/workspace/libbluedevil
extragear/base/milou: frameworks/kdelibs4support
extragear/base/milou: kde/kdelibs/baloo
extragear/base/kscreen: frameworks/kdbusaddons
extragear/base/kscreen: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
extragear/base/kscreen: frameworks/ki18n
extragear/base/kscreen: frameworks/kxmlgui
extragear/base/kscreen: frameworks/kglobalaccel
extragear/base/kscreen: extragear/libs/libkscreen
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/kauth
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/kidletime
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/kconfig
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/solid
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/ki18n
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/kglobalaccel
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/kio
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/kwindowsystem
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/knotifyconfig
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/kdelibs4support
extragear/base/powerdevil: frameworks/plasma-framework
extragear/base/powerdevil: kde/workspace/plasma-workspace

# Extragear SDK
extragear/sdk/plasmate: frameworks/kf5umbrella
extragear/sdk/plasmate: frameworks/plasma-framework
extragear/sdk/plasmate: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform 

# Extragear Sysadmin
kde/workspace/muon: frameworks/solid
kde/workspace/muon: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
kde/workspace/muon: frameworks/kconfig
kde/workspace/muon: frameworks/kwallet
kde/workspace/muon: frameworks/kdbusaddons
kde/workspace/muon: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/muon: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
kde/workspace/muon: frameworks/knotifications
kde/workspace/muon: frameworks/kdeclarative

# kdesdk
kde/kdesdk/kompare: kde/kdesdk/libkomparediff2

# Extragear Multimedia
extragear/multimedia/plasma-mediacenter: frameworks/plasma-framework
extragear/multimedia/plasma-mediacenter: kde/kdelibs/baloo
extragear/multimedia/kamoso: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
extragear/multimedia/kamoso: frameworks/kconfig
extragear/multimedia/kamoso: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
extragear/multimedia/kamoso: frameworks/kdoctools
extragear/multimedia/kamoso: frameworks/solid
extragear/multimedia/kamoso: frameworks/kio
extragear/multimedia/kamoso: frameworks/kdeclarative
extragear/multimedia/kamoso: frameworks/ki18n

# KDevelop
extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop: kde/workspace/khelpcenter
extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop: frameworks/krunner
extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform: kde/kdesdk/libkomparediff2
extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform: kde/workspace/kio-extras

# KDevelop Plugins
extragear/kdevelop/devtools/plugins/kdev-clang: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
extragear/kdevelop/devtools/plugins/kdev-qmake: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
extragear/kdevelop/devtools/plugins/kdev-qmake: extragear/kdevelop/utilities/kdevelop-pg-qt
extragear/kdevelop/devtools/plugins/kdev-qmljs: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
extragear/kdevelop/devtools/plugins/kdev-ruby: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-php: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-php: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop-pg-qt
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-php-docs: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-python: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop

# Extragear Network
extragear/network/konversation: kdesupport/qca

# Extragear Network: Telepathy
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals: frameworks/kcmutils
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals: frameworks/knotifyconfig
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals: frameworks/ktexteditor
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals: frameworks/kwallet
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals: playground/network/libkpeople
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-desktop-applets: extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-kded-module: extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-kded-module: frameworks/kdbusaddons
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-kded-module: frameworks/kconfig
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-kded-module: frameworks/ki18n
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-kded-module: frameworks/knotifications
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-kded-module: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-kded-module: frameworks/kidletime
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-auth-handler: extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-auth-handler: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-auth-handler: frameworks/kwallet
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-auth-handler: frameworks/ki18n
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-auth-handler: frameworks/kio
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-auth-handler: kdesupport/qca
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-contact-list: extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-contact-list: playground/network/libkpeople
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-filetransfer-handler: extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-filetransfer-handler: frameworks/kcoreaddons
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-filetransfer-handler: frameworks/ki18n
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-filetransfer-handler: frameworks/kio
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-filetransfer-handler: frameworks/kconfig
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-send-file: extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-send-file: frameworks/kcoreaddons
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-send-file: frameworks/ki18n
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-send-file: frameworks/kio
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-send-file: frameworks/kiconthemes
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/karchive
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/sonnet
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/kservice
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/kemoticons
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/kio
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/kcmutils
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/knotifyconfig
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/ki18n
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-text-ui: frameworks/kdewebkit
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-contact-runner: extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-contact-runner: frameworks/krunner
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-accounts-kcm: extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-common-internals
extragear/network/telepathy/ktp-accounts-kcm: kdereview/kaccounts-integration

# Extragear Office
extragear/office/kmymoney: kdesupport/akonadi
extragear/office/kmymoney: extragear/office/alkimia
extragear/office/kmymoney: kde/pim/kholidays
extragear/office/kmymoney: kde/pim/kidentitymanagement
extragear/office/kmymoney: kde/pim/gpgmepp
extragear/office/kmymoney: kde/pim/kcontacts
extragear/office/skrooge: frameworks/kactivities
extragear/office/skrooge: general/grantlee
extragear/office/skrooge: kdesupport/qca
extragear/office/skrooge: frameworks/krunner

# Extragear Utils
extragear/utils/yakuake: kde/applications/konsole

# Playground Base
kde/workspace/kde-gtk-config: frameworks/ki18n
kde/workspace/kde-gtk-config: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
kde/workspace/kde-gtk-config: frameworks/knewstuff
kde/workspace/kde-gtk-config: frameworks/karchive
kde/workspace/kde-gtk-config: frameworks/kcmutils
kde/workspace/kde-gtk-config: frameworks/kauth
playground/base/ksshaskpass: frameworks/kcoreaddons
playground/base/ksshaskpass: frameworks/ki18n
playground/base/ksshaskpass: frameworks/kwallet
playground/base/ksshaskpass: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons

playground/base/kdeconnect-kde: frameworks/kio
playground/base/kdeconnect-kde: frameworks/ki18n
playground/base/kdeconnect-kde: frameworks/knotifications
playground/base/kdeconnect-kde: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
playground/base/kdeconnect-kde: frameworks/kdbusaddons
playground/base/kdeconnect-kde: frameworks/kcmutils
playground/base/kdeconnect-kde: frameworks/kiconthemes

playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/karchive
playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/kconfig
playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/kconfigwidgets
playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/ki18n
playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/kdelibs4support
playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/kio
playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/kxmlgui
playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/kemoticons
playground/base/qtcurve: frameworks/kitemmodels

# KAccounts
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: frameworks/kcmutils
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: frameworks/kio
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: frameworks/ki18n
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: frameworks/kcoreaddons
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: frameworks/kiconthemes
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: frameworks/kconfig
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: frameworks/kwallet
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: frameworks/kdbusaddons
kdereview/kaccounts-integration: kde/kdepimlibs

# KDE Games
kde/kdegames/libkmahjongg: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kmahjongg: kde/kdegames/libkmahjongg
kde/kdegames/kshisen: kde/kdegames/libkmahjongg

kde/kdegames/bomber: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/bovo: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/granatier: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
# kajongg has a lot of PyQt4 and other binding req's
kde/kdegames/kapman: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/katomic: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kblackbox: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kblocks: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kbounce: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kbreakout: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kdiamond: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kfourinline: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kgoldrunner: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kigo: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/killbots: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kiriki: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kjumpingcube: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/klickety: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/klines: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kmahjongg: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kmines: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/knavalbattle: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/knetwalk: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kolf: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kollision: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/konquest: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kpat: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kreversi: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kshisen: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/ksirk: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/ksirk: kdesupport/qca
kde/kdegames/ksnakeduel: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kspaceduel: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/ksquares: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/ksudoku: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/ktuberling: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/kubrick: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/lskat: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/palapeli: kde/kdegames/libkdegames
kde/kdegames/picmi: kde/kdegames/libkdegames

# Playground Libs
playground/network/libkpeople: frameworks/kcoreaddons
playground/network/libkpeople: frameworks/kwidgetsaddons
playground/network/libkpeople: frameworks/kservice
playground/network/libkpeople: frameworks/ki18n
playground/network/libkpeople: frameworks/kitemviews

# A standalone application, no need to install KF5
extragear/pim/trojita: -frameworks/kf5umbrella
