# Dependencies that are always true, for all branch groups

# Several Strigi modules are inter-dependent.
# Also the kdesupport/strigi/strigi module mustn't be built along with these
# 5, that is handled by the build-script-ignore metadata in this repo.
kdesupport/strigi/strigiutils: kdesupport/strigi/libstreams
kdesupport/strigi/strigiutils: kdesupport/strigi/libstreamanalyzer
kdesupport/strigi/libstreamanalyzer: kdesupport/strigi/libstreams
kdesupport/strigi/strigidaemon: kdesupport/strigi/strigiutils
kdesupport/strigi/strigiclient: kdesupport/strigi/strigiutils
kdesupport/strigi/strigiclient: kdesupport/strigi/strigidaemon

# Phonon backends are dependent upon phonon itself.
kdesupport/phonon/phonon-directshow: kdesupport/phonon/phonon
kdesupport/phonon/phonon-gstreamer: kdesupport/phonon/phonon
kdesupport/phonon/phonon-mmf: kdesupport/phonon/phonon
kdesupport/phonon/phonon-mplayer: kdesupport/phonon/phonon
kdesupport/phonon/phonon-quicktime: kdesupport/phonon/phonon
kdesupport/phonon/phonon-vlc: kdesupport/phonon/phonon
kdesupport/phonon/phonon-waveout: kdesupport/phonon/phonon
kdesupport/phonon/phonon-xine: kdesupport/phonon/phonon

# KDevelop

extragear/kdevelop/devtools/plugins/kdev-cppcheck: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
extragear/kdevelop/devtools/plugins/kdev-ruby: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
extragear/kdevelop/devtools/plugins/kdev-valgrind: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-control-flow-graph: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-cppcheck: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-crossfire: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-crossfire: playground/devtools/kdev-executebrowser
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-custom-buildsystem: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-php-docs: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-php: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop-pg-qt
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-php: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-php: extragear/kdevelop/utilities/kdevelop-pg-qt
extragear/kdevelop/plugins/kdev-python: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
kdereview/kdev-perforce: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
playground/devtools/plugins/*: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-clang: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-css: extragear/kdevelop/utilities/kdevelop-pg-qt
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-go: extragear/kdevelop/utilities/kdevelop-pg-qt
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-java: extragear/kdevelop/utilities/kdevelop-pg-qt
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-python: extragear/kdevelop/utilities/kdevelop-pg-qt
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-qmake: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-qmake: extragear/kdevelop/utilities/kdevelop-pg-qt
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-qmljs: extragear/kdevelop/kdevelop
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-xml: extragear/kdevelop/utilities/kdevelop-pg-qt
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-xtest: extragear/kdevelop/utilities/kdevelop-pg-qt
playground/devtools/plugins/kdev-xtest: playground/devtools/veritas
playground/devtools/veritas: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
playground/devtools/kdev-*: extragear/kdevelop/kdevplatform
